You're doing great. We've covered foundational AWS redundancy concepts,
redundancy on AWS application services,
and looked at how this all ties in to the objectives of your business.
Now we're going to look at how you find and react to failures within your platform.
In this lesson, we'll go over some of the techniques and technologies around both
keeping track of your platform state as well as recovering from failures that occur.
Monitoring is crucial to understanding what is happening in your systems.
The counterpart to monitoring is alerting.
Alerting allows your platform to tell you when something is wrong.
Without monitoring and alerting,
you are clueless about what is happening within your application.
When failures occur, and they will how you recover from
them comes down to identifying the cause of the issue and rectifying it.
To correct problems within your systems,
we'll wrap up by looking at techniques for automating the recovery from failure.